h1. spree-theme-default-hamlized

*This extension needs to match your version of spree.*

As of 1/29/2010, this extension is very new.  Please help us make it more robust.

Current through commit 186224d11c53d4dfd47b96a142ed79d1da8a2345 on git://github.com/railsdog/spree.git

h2. Prep:

* @git clone git://github.com/railsdog/spree.git@
* @cd spree@

h2. Approach #1: (throw away all spree changes newer than this gem)

* @git reset --hard 186224d11c53d4dfd47b96a142ed79d1da8a2345@

h2. Approach #2: (bring this gem up to date with current spree)

* see .erb changes that need to be replicated here in haml
** @git diff 186224d11c53d4dfd47b96a142ed79d1da8a2345@
* fork this gem
* implement haml version of changes shown in git diff output above
* send a pull request for the work you did to be picked up here

h2. Continue:

* @cd spree@
* create your database.yml (copy database.yml.example?)
* @rake db:create:all@
* @sudo rake gems:install@
* @sudo gem install jeweler@
* @rake db:migrate@
* @rake build@
* @sudo gem uninstall spree -v 0.9.99@
* @sudo gem install pkg/spree-0.9.99.gem@
* create spree project from gem with 'spree' command
* navigate to project root
* follow spree new project instructions, such as rake db:bootstrap
* @script/extension install git://github.com/bendyworks/spree-theme-default-hamlized@


h2. Notes:

Keeping this up to date with spree changes at git://github.com/railsdog/spree is not going to happen in real-time.  Instead, this project will pull in a batch of changes at once.
We have currently accounted for all .erb files and file changes through commit 186224d11c53d4dfd47b96a142ed79d1da8a2345 at git://github.com/railsdog/spree.

If you account for newer .erb changes, then please update this file and send a pull request.
